and hello to you this mass today
times and razor and today we play on
a map called the temple of the damned
oh how well do i start a topic how do i power
in 30 and still we are just black
teeth and incorporation training is bad yes I
I go I go before the match will start Katyn
opened but
run away i run away from myself
Dahaka me, my sweet
I am such a distance letter you are not
imagine the hall and among
yes yes yes yes yes yes
10 my favor
oh no no no and we start the second match
dash press
yes yes yes now you are a demon and how am I
prim bozhko
I have a sword wherever you fly so
uncomfortable all going to like arrows
took by the way just walked they lined up
the wall I collected them took cells ru
share
banks shoot yes damn here on start
you so i will kill you there you are here
good luck i said
no how so completely unfair
soon and here we are starting the third
match and then I realized that the demon and normal
player chooses random when that time
clicked i was a regular player again yes
I took an arrow yes yes yes I took it is not
could you path
Well, it did not fall out so now good luck now
worth
but
lalka is with me then she is good
it turns out
I listen to then and I am good
turned out
will once again play a lot so we
walk around okay I will not stop
I izlovlyu the world go so far as why I
general skull
yes let me out and I already
i won
stop doing like off play
teach clicked I wanted then she
to give